# convenience-bash-scripts
Some bash scripts I've created over the years for convenience, bulk processing and automation

I've created these scripts for my own convenience and making some processes easier than they usually are. However, this repository is recommended for people who know what bash scripts are, how they work and how to write them without breaking their system. So, if you're just walking into linux and you have no idea what a script is, I suggest you skip this repository and come back later, when you have educated yourself enough to use scripts without fear. I'm suggesting this not to discourage you but to prevent you from breaking your own system, if you don't know what your're doing.
Altough I created these scripts, there's no autorship or ownership on them. You're free to use and edit them however you want. When I created this repository, I asked an AI which license would best suit my case and it said "MIT License" which means:
• Each script comes to you "as is" with no guarantee they will work properly on your system. They do work just fine on my Arch Linux but I can't guarantee they will work the same way on Linux Mint, Fedora or another distro. Also, I take no responsibility if you edit the scripts and somehow you manage to break your system because, as I said, they work flawlessly in my system.
• I don't care about ownership or autorship - feel free to redistribute them under whatever name, author or license you want, without any limitations. Close their content in a scrambled file, if you want - no problem.
The main thing about these scripts is that, as I already said, they were created for convenience and some of them - because there's no better alternative as a GUI program, like those DICOM scripts (DICOM are images for Rentgen program, they usually come either without any format, or in rare cases they come as filename.dcm or filename.dicom. As you can imagine, there are no GUI programs for linux that can read and visualize these formats. That's where my bulk conversion scripts come into play.

If you have any questions, feel free to open an "issue" with your questions and I'll do my best to answer all of them.

Note: I wanted to upload the scripts along with the directories they're in, but apparently github doesn't allow that, so I've put them in archives. Maybe some day, if or when github allows uploading a directory, instead of just files, I'll be able to upload them properly.
